Updating posts for Octopus CLI (#242)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/shared/octopus-cli.include.md

:::success

> Since this post was first published, we've renamed Octo.exe and it is now the Octopus CLI, for more information, see this [post](https://path-to-post).

Author: ```suggestion
Since this post was first published, we've renamed Octo.exe and it is now the Octopus CLI, for more information, see this [post](https://www.octopus.com/blog/octopus-release-2020-1).
```

> Since this post was first published, we've renamed Octo.exe and it is now the Octopus CLI, for more information, see this [post](https://www.octopus.com/blog/octopus-release-2020-1).

Author: ```suggestion
Since this post was first published, we've renamed Octo.exe and it is now the Octopus CLI, for more information, see this post: [Octopus release 2020.1](https://www.octopus.com/blog/octopus-release-2020-1).
```
